Welcome everyone.
So we have already figured out the recursive relation that we are forming by taking an element or not
taking an element.
And it's quickly ordered.
But by using recursion, you're going to move forward or you can backwards.
It does that your base case is will change it.
So it's coded by using some backward approach maybe.
Or.
Let's call it what it is.
Well I just want to know whether.
Mhm.
Yeah.
In Italy I have some valley called some I think this has been put to the some Israel and what.
See.
Any, any.
Uh.
Yeah.
The ETA is 274.
By evening.
If the at 8274 519 let's take this area globally because we will be using this at a in the OR you can
also pass it in the function.
It doesn't matter.
It's a.
Housing, food and.
Oh.
That's okay.
So before this, let's think the size of the ad.
Like two things, though.
First is.
Uh.
Let's do.
Okay.
And the difficulties and size of the added that I've got after that lipstick.
Areas.
Well.
So this is just some input stuff.
It's happening.
And.
What I simply say is the out better subject some.
It's possible or not.
It's absurd.
Some.
And in Italy, what we'll do is we'll start with this absurd sum with a whichever approach you want.
Do you want to go forward?
It's also fine if you want to go backwards.
Well, I just go backwards because then we'll be doing it with the tablet approach.
Then we will equip it.
So.
Opposites.
Yeah.
X and Y.
Have you had to give initially?
What?
I'll give.
Tell me if this optimism is possible from the.
Eddie and currently I'm on the last two nicks basically right now I'm talking about the second thing
that we discuss is the prefix state.
So you should not get confused with states anymore.
You should know of what is a state and how we are propagating for the state and what is the same here
and all the same value.
We have both of them here, which is absurd sum and this is index.
And instead of index you want me to read X and Y?
Maybe index can also do.
And the second is I'm that I'm trying to make from the prefix of this.
This just tells whether some is possible from a subset of.
I'm a I'm prefixed in.
Index.
Prefix of.
Well, so what I have is I have just two options.
What are the two options that I have?
The first option is include AOE for NICS in the MSM.
Exclude it.
So you can just realize one thing the majority of the problems will be solved.
Concluding or excluding the problems which involve subject and we'll be solving lots of problems.
The second is exclude indexing, do some aid.
So let's make a boolean value called answer.
Let's call.
It follows initially that initially let's say it's not possible.
And then what I'll simply say is I say answer or equals to.
What is the value there that I will have to pass it?
This absurd sum is possible.
And I'm including index.
If I'm including the index, there can be one condition.
That means.
It sum should be greater than equal to the index.
That means if I'm including some value, I can have this degree a simple check.
If this sum is greater than or equal to this, then only call this function, then only check whether
the substratum is possible.
Okay.
So tell me if this absurdism is possible from the remaining year and what's the new sum that I'm taking?
It is sum minus index.
Right.
So as we have seen, we already have this check with this sum is greater than or equal to index or not.
If it will be anything other than this value will be greater than equal to zero.
It will never go negative full.
And what was the second part here?
The second part is simple.
If answer, answer already goes to.
If I'm excluding it.
So if I'm excluding, I simply say, okay, fine.
Disappeared from the remaining area.
And what's the thumbnail for me?
Some only because I'm excluding the answer.
Right.
And finally, what I'll do is I'll return the answer.
Well.
So let me build this quickly.
It's seeds look hard.
Okay.
There's one thing that's left.
Right now I've got a staggered floor here.
Segmentation four, eight borders of order, Stack Overflow.
Because it is going on in like infinity.
Because there's going to be this case.
There's nothing that can stop this irrigation before next is equal to.
It'll go from zero.
Okay.
Let's make index equals to zero.
So if I make indexing go through zero, I want the first value of the element.
Then I will have just to get it.
It will need it.
And we have this amazing question index zero or it will run through if somebody goes and there's other
cases I can also make the base case as indexes equals three minus.
That means I'm starting from a management.
It's zero based.
So I'm on the leaf note.
That means I don't have any error left, and if I don't have any array left, I would simply return.
I simply didn't bother somebody close to zero or not.
If some will be called zero, it will return to the way it will end because index is minus one.
That means I'm out of error.
That means I don't have any left.
It means no elements left for some.
And it.
Yeah.
Let me build this.
And that is one thing that we need to realize.
Some will never go negative because we are having this check whenever I'm subtracting.
And the second thing is.
Index can go negative after zero.
If index goes negative, I just simply remove it from.
What does this mean?
It means that, yes, this is possible.
And what I'll do is I'll I'll do a very deep analysis on this problem.
It's all from bottom up.
Don't end up.
You can also try to trace back the answer, which is very important because in every dynamic programming
problem you can always trace back the solution.
So in this, all we do will try to trace back the solution, basically will try to make that subset,
which is giving me this particular sum.
Of course, there can be many answers if there are many answers, but we'll just figure out one.
Well, I hope this part is very clean.
The next we will try to trace it back and then we'll try to optimize the memory.
So a lot of things in this.
And some of you might be wondering that study.
Sorry, I'm spending a lot of time on this problem.
I want to because I want these things to be very clear.
And because it's just starting to be so there might be many problems in which you have to optimize the
space, optimize some time.
And maybe there are many problems which are not solvable by writing a equation.
It is solvable by using a tabular approach.
And eight.
So all of that will come in handy for you.
Well, and.
Yeah.
Now just one thing.
What are the different unique combinations of index?
And some it is it will be equal to and into some way so that we have here and into some it so.
Okay.
So I think it's not taken over here.
And is that.
And let me just let me just write some value, which is not possible.
It's 8000.
Housing will not be possible from these small values until and unless these values are repaid.
But that's a different question.
Okay.
I'll just take that also united.
So it's a follow up problem.
What if the values are repeating?
So it's a very interesting problem.
Values that.
Repeating it means.
Okay.
I'll take it.
Well, so before moving to the problem, we just simply memorize it.
So let's memorize it and we'll send in a memo, and it's like some big value.
So.
Well.
Here's the memo.
Value should depend on indexing to some aid.
And right now, we don't have any specific constraints.
So what we can do is we can have a dynamic.
Mammary vision.
It means.
The memo added, This is true reality we are having.
This will simply depend on the value of and in some we get to it.
So what I'll do is nothing.
But I'll just say is this memo.
And I will simply say this is that memo and this way, and that is the first to nix the first variable
which is index.
So it is the number of rules.
And then simply, I mean, I have some columns in this and then I just.
Lisa is that columns by.
Yeah.
M okay.
M is not.
Yeah, it is some, but I'll say some plus one because you need one.
I'm plus one.
Yeah.
So, uh.
I'm plus one comma in Italy will fill it with minus one.
Will it?
So don't get confused.
It's very simple thing.
Instead of picking some fixed memory for memory, something like an Indian or an entertainer.
Both.
The values can change.
What I've done is I've just have a dynamic instantiation, both when we know this value of something
and we can simply this either to the vector that we have it and resizing the 2D vector.
Initially, I'll fill it with minus one.
And.
Every living minus one.
We all know how dumb and wasting.
Agreement with Emwazi.
It's a memo it makes and some it's not equal to minus one written memo.
We've done this.
Written memo and exam it and.
Ms..
Yeah.
This extra record.
You didn't mention Nixon.
Otherwise, this memo.
Index sum equals to ones I just saved by going back to normal memory in invalid.
Well, not possible is possible.
It's sick.
Yes.
Two is possible is nine possible.
Nine is possible in multiple ways.
That is, let's say, within 45.
Eight and is friendly to possible.
I think so.
Not possible.
I hope the subsequent problem is very clear.
We saw all the follow problems offered as well.
I'm optimizing memory and.
And complexity.
What is the complexity of the solution?
It is indexing to.
But those many states we are calculating.
And they will be overlapping the problems in one repeatedly calculating.
But it is a nix into.
Well, and this index is nothing but an.
Oh, thank you all.
In the next.